#summary HowTo Install SAPBT 8.31
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

== HowTo Install SAPBT 8.31 ==

Just use ABAPGit (http://www.abapgit.org)

== Configuration ==

There are some tables that you have to set up via SM30:

* ZBT_PRODUCTO	SAPBugTracker Product
List of different products that you what to manage via SAPBugTracker, for instance different applications, etc.

* ZBT_BUG_TYPE	Bug Type
List of different bug types such as: bug, improvement, etc... 

* ZBT_BUG_STYPE	Bug Subtype
A bugType can be divident in different types.

* ZBT_COMPONT	Component of a product
Different components that divides a same product.

* ZBT_CONFIG	SAPBugtracker: Main Configuration
* ZBT_ESTADO	Status of a Bug
Different status for that can be applied to a bug (not only bug types but also improvements, etc...) for instance:
** Open
** In development
** User validation
** Closed

* ZBT_ESTADO_HIER	Hierarchy of states
It allows to define from which status can be moved a "bug" to a different status.

* ZBT_PRODUCTO_TAG	Product Tags
Allows to define different tags for a given product. All tags will be added to the transport request in order to provide traceability directly in the transport request, for instance: customer's ticket....

* ZBT_USUARIO	Role of Users
To define which is your team and who is the reporter, assignee, tester and developer, also allows to store the eMail for notification purposes.

* ZBT_WORKCONCEPT	WrokLog Concepts
In order to allow managing the spent time during a "bug" resolution here you could differentiate all the different categories for which you want to compute worked hours.
This part is under developement.


